W-12293487-bg-and-teams-limits (#266)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/users.adoc

The user now has the permissions you selected in the business groups and environments you specified.

== View Limits for a User

Each administrative page for a user contains a *Limits* section that shows how close the account is to hitting limits imposed by Anypoint Platform.

To view limits:

include::partial$include-nav-users.adoc[]

. Click the user for which you want to view limits.
. Click the *Limits* tab.

> 

Reviewer: Let's add: 
> Please Note: The number of permissions used by a User may reflect internal permissions granted automatically by the system and which are not necessarily visible or manageable directly in the UI.

The user now has the permissions you selected in the business groups and environments you specified.

== View Limits for a User

Each administrative page for a user contains a *Limits* section that shows how close the account is to hitting limits imposed by Anypoint Platform.

To view limits:

include::partial$include-nav-users.adoc[]

. Click the user for which you want to view limits.
. Click the *Limits* tab.

[NOTE]

> The number of permissions granted to a user might include internal permissions granted automatically by the system, which are not always visible in the UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The number of permissions used might include internal permissions granted automatically by the system, which are not always visible in the UI.
```
